# Vuze Tools

### Information
Vuze Tools provides ways of recovering damaged active files and finds missing torrent files for the Vuze Bittorrent Client.

##### Program Options

Please make sure Vuze is shutdown before running, While it will still work it might read invalid information from your files.
I recommend running "Fix Active files", copying the recovered files, Launch Vuze and then quit, then run whichever recovery you want to use.

1. Fix Active files - Fix damaged active files by looking for .dat._AZ and .dat.saving which are created and kept if vuze crashed while saving.
2. Simple Recovery - missing torrent files by filename from backups (Normal - Once a valid torrent is found it will move on)
3. Advanced Recovery - missing torrent files by hash from backups (Slow - Scans every torrent file in backup, however it is resumable upon completion)
4. Active Recovery - missing torrent files by extracting from its active file. (Fast and Accurate - Checks the given hash for an active file and generates a new torrent)

Recovered files are placed in the same directory that contains your Azerus directory and is named "Azureus-recover"
Then the contents of "Azerus-recover" should be moved into your Azerus directory except for "AdvancedHashStorage.glob" (A resumable hashstroage generated by Advanced Recovery)

### Configuration
You may override the default_config.yml by creating a config/config.yml file inside the current directory.
you can also use the command line arguments
* '-env="type" [DEV,PROD,PROD-STDOUT,PROD-JSON]'
* '-azdir="/path/to/azureus/directory"' to set the location of your vuze configuration
* '-azconfig="/path/to/azureus/downloads.config"' to override the default azdir/downloads.config path
* '-azbackups="/path/to/backupfolder1,/path/to/backupfolder2"'

Note: Windows users will have to escape their filepath separator '\' to '\\'

### TODO

- [ ] Add Testing
- [ ] Add inline documentation

### LICENSE
This project is licensed under the WTFPL, Please see LICENSE.txt for more details.

### Disclaimer
While the tool is safe to use and will not modify any non-tool related files USE THIS AT YOUR OWN RISK.